it was written two days before she was
murdered where did you find that in this
score she must have left it here it's
written by somebody called sir just bow
give it to me said I wasn't any liquor
he said I was going out of my mind not
going out of your mind you're slowly and
systematically being driven out of your
mind why why and you thought I was being
cool eating people always borrow making
you a prisoner oh you're the kindest man
in the world I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry if I were not mad I
could have helped you
whatever you were done I could have
pitied and protected you because I am
mad I hate you because I'm mad I
betrayed you and because I am mad I'm
rejoicing in my heart without a shred of
pity without a shred I regret watching
you go with glory in my heart
you